Remove the Tracer method from the Span API (#1900)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Removed the `SpanSnapshot` type from the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace` package.
  The use of this type has been replaced with the use of the explicitly immutable `ReadOnlySpan` type.
  When a concrete representation of a read-only span is needed for testing, the newly added `SpanStub` in the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace/tracetest` package should be used. (#1873)
- Remove the `Tracer` method from the `Span` interface in the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace` package.
  Using the same tracer that created a span introduces the error where an instrumentation library's `Tracer` is used by other code instead of their own.

>   The `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel".Tracer` function should be used to aquire a library specific `Tracer` instead. (TBD)

Author: ```suggestion
  The `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel".Tracer` function should be used to aquire a library specific `Tracer` instead. (#1900)
```

- Removed the `SpanSnapshot` type from the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace` package.
  The use of this type has been replaced with the use of the explicitly immutable `ReadOnlySpan` type.
  When a concrete representation of a read-only span is needed for testing, the newly added `SpanStub` in the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace/tracetest` package should be used. (#1873)
- Remove the `Tracer` method from the `Span` interface in the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace` package.
  Using the same tracer that created a span introduces the error where an instrumentation library's `Tracer` is used by other code instead of their own.

>   The `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel".Tracer` function should be used to aquire a library specific `Tracer` instead. (#1900)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel".Tracer` function or a `TracerProvider` should be used to acquire a library specific `Tracer` instead. (#1900)
```
